---
products:
  - Revel
  - Realm
plans:
  - Pro
  - Enterprise
  - Enterprise+
---
# `l10n`

Control display labels of languages in language picker.

## Options

{% table %}

- Option
- Type
- Description

---

- defaultLocale
- string
- **REQUIRED**
  Name of the default locale (the language of the files outside of the `@l10n` folder).

---

- locales
- [Locale object](#locale-object)
- List of all locales, including the default locale

{% /table%}

### Locale object

{% table %}

- Option
- Type
- Description

---

- code
- string
- Language code. Must match the name of the language subfolder inside the `@l10n` folder or the `defaultLocale` code.
  The format of the code is `lang-COUNTRY` or `lang`, where `lang` is the [language code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1) and `COUNTRY` is the country code.
  For example, `en-US` for English (United States) and `fr-FR` for French (France), or `en` for English.
  More specific fallback locales are supported, for example `de-AT` falls back to `de`;

---

- name
- string
- Language name that is displayed in the language picker.

{% /table %}

## Examples

Set up a site in French with Dutch and UK English options:

```yaml {% title="redocly.yaml" %}
l10n:
  defaultLocale: fr-FR
  locales:
    - code: nl-NL
      name: Dutch
    - code: en-GB
      name: English
    - code: fr-FR
      name: French 
```

With this setup, the directory structure should be as follows:

```treeview
your-awesome-project/
└── @l10n/
    ├── fr-FR/
    ├── nl-NL
    └── en-GB
```

### Supported default translations

Redocly provides default translations for the following languages:

- `en` - English (United States)
- `ar` - Arabic
- `hi` - Hindi
- `de` - German
- `es` - Spanish
- `fr` - French
- `it` - Italian
- `ja` - Japanese
- `ko` - Korean
- `pl` - Polish
- `pt` - Portuguese (Portugal)
- `pt-BR` - Portuguese (Brazil)
- `ru` - Russian
- `uk` - Ukrainian
- `zh` - Chinese (Simplified)

## Resources

* Configure language support for your project by following the steps in the [Configure internationalization](../author/how-to/config-l10n/index.md) how-to documentation.

