---
seo:
  title: Service Level Agreement
slug: /sla-2021-07-18
excludeFromSearch: true
---

<style>
    h1 {
        margin-top: 25px !important;
        color: var(--h1-text-color);
    }

    .lnhWGv {
        display: none;
    }
</style>

<div>
<h1>Service Level Agreement</h1>

<p><em>Last updated: July 18, 2021</em></p>

<div>
<p>This Redocly Service Level Agreement (“SLA”) is a policy governing the use of our Product under the terms of the Redocly Subscription Agreement (the “Redocly Agreement”) between Redocly Inc. and its affiliates (“Redocly”, “us” or “we”) and users of Redocly’s services (“you”). Unless otherwise provided herein, this SLA is subject to the terms of the Redocly Agreement and capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meaning specified in the Redocly Agreement. We reserve the right to change the terms of this SLA in accordance with the Redocly Agreement.</p>
<h3>Service Commitment</h3>
<p>Redocly will use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) make hosted documentation available with a Monthly Uptime Percentage (defined below) of at least 99.99% during any monthly billing cycle, (ii) make our Workflows application available with a Monthly Uptime Percentage of at least 99.9% and (iii) maintain a Response Time (defined below) of 24 hours or less unless otherwise negotiated ((i), (ii) and (iii), the “Service Commitment”). In the event Redocly does not meet the Service Commitment, you may request that Redocly create and provide you with a Corrective Action Plan (defined below), and Redocly will do so within seven days of receiving your request. Requests for a Corrective Action Plan must be made within seven (7) days following the end of the month in which the Service Commitment was not met. Redocly shall implement the Corrective Action Plan in the time frames and manner set forth therein at no cost to you.
</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>

<ul>
<li><strong>“Corrective Action Plan”</strong> must include, at a minimum: (a) Redocly’s commitment to you to devote the appropriate time, skilled personnel, systems support and equipment and other resources necessary to resolve and prevent any further occurrences of the Errors giving rise to the support requests; (b) a strategy for developing any programming, software updates, fixes, patches, etc. necessary to remedy, and prevent any further occurrences of, the Errors, and (c) time frames for implementing the Corrective Action Plan.
</li>
<li><strong>“Error Rate”</strong> means the percentage of total requests during a five minute period for which internal server errors were returned by Redocly, as determined by Redocly’s records or the records of a third party service provider, which may be identified by Redocly from time to time, and is calculated for each five minute period in a given month.  If no requests were made in a given five minute period, that period is assumed to have a 0% Error Rate. The calculation of the number of internal server errors will not include errors that arise directly or indirectly as a result of any of the Redocly SLA Exclusions (as defined below).
</li>
<li><strong>“Holidays”</strong> means:
    <ul>
    <li>New Year’s Day (January 1);</li>
    <li>Presidents Day (third Monday of February);</li>
    <li>Memorial Day (last Monday of May);</li>
    <li>Independence Day (July 4);</li>
    <li>Labor Day (first Monday of September);</li>
    <li>Thanksgiving Day (fourth Thursday of November); and</li>
    <li>Christmas Day (December 25).</li>
    </ul>
</li>
<li><strong>“Monthly Uptime Percentage”</strong> is calculated by subtracting from 100% the average Error Rate of all five-minute periods in the billing cycle.
</li>
<li><strong>“Response Time”</strong> measures how long it takes Redocly to respond to support emails sent by you to team@redocly.com. It is measured as the average time to respond to the support emails sent by you for the billing cycle, from the time the email was sent rounded up to the nearest normal business hour (Monday through Friday 9am to 5pm central time and excluding Holidays) unless otherwise negotiated.
</li>
<li><strong>“Scheduled Maintenance”</strong> means: (i) upgrades of hardware or software, (ii) upgrades to increase capacity, and (iii) other activity to maintain or improve the systems supporting you, in each case where Redocly gives advance notice of such maintenance.
</li>
</ul>
<h3>Redocly SLA Exclusions</h3>
<p>The Service Commitment does not apply to any unavailability, suspension or termination of Redocly, or any other Redocly performance issues that result from: (i) factors outside of our reasonable control, including any force majeure event or Internet access or related problems beyond the demarcation point of Redocly; (ii) any actions or inactions of you or any third party; (iii) your equipment, software or other technology and/or third-party equipment, software or other technology (other than third party equipment within our direct control); (iv) our suspension or termination of your right to use our Product(s) in accordance with the Redocly Agreement; (v) exceeding usage limits stated in the Redocly documentation; (vi) using the Product(s) in a way that is not recommended; (vii) Scheduled Maintenance; or (viii) making unauthorized modifications to the Product(s).
</p>
</div>
</div>
